README.md, before:

# idocmanager




This is an automated tool to generate and send IDOC documents to TF.
Found a BUG?
Email us!

adriano.valumin@sovos.com

tayna.blasques@sovos.com


Tool Description:

Today, all the P&D team who work with TrustFiles need to have (or make a new one) data/idocs to execute the QA tests or to test a new functionality developed.
They need to search for a data mass example in UAT or PRD environments, or sometimes manipulate a new one, what (most of times) need the business/structure knowledge to create it.



What is our idea?



Develop something that creates automatically all these documents with the needed and correct information and structure.




What are the benefits?



Consistent test and time saved!
With this new solution, all the teams can develop/test more, faster and with more quality!



This is an innovative and original idea because since we've started at sovos, we've heard that it's impossible to automate any process on TrustFiles, but we found a way to automate tha data mass creation that is directly related to Trustfiles!




We've started this project to learn about Python and solve this "time problem".




Who would it benefit?



Everyone!
You don't need to have the full knowledge about business rules of our solution or about the Countries Legal rules.
You just need to execute our program and answer the questions to create a new document. It's easy and user friendly, everyone can use it!

Commit message:

Added loop and command line arguments

README.md, after:

# idocmanager

## Updates - 09/12/2019

It was added a file called 'loopidocmanager.py' which makes it possible to do a loop on IDOC creation
'''
for /l %%x in (1, 1, 10) do (
	.\idocmanager.py "b" "a" "a" "n" "n"
)
'''
You can substitute 10 by the number of times that you want that Windows execute it

Besides that, now it is possible to run the IDOCManager inserting arguments through command line
'''
.\idocmanager.py "country" "document_type" "tax_id" "send_it_to_vm" "create_another_document"
''' 

---

This is an automated tool to generate and send IDOC documents to TF.
Found a BUG?
Email us!

adriano.valumin@sovos.com

tayna.blasques@sovos.com


Tool Description:

Today, all the P&D team who work with TrustFiles need to have (or make a new one) data/idocs to execute the QA tests or to test a new functionality developed.
They need to search for a data mass example in UAT or PRD environments, or sometimes manipulate a new one, what (most of times) need the business/structure knowledge to create it.



What is our idea?



Develop something that creates automatically all these documents with the needed and correct information and structure.




What are the benefits?



Consistent test and time saved!
With this new solution, all the teams can develop/test more, faster and with more quality!



This is an innovative and original idea because since we've started at sovos, we've heard that it's impossible to automate any process on TrustFiles, but we found a way to automate tha data mass creation that is directly related to Trustfiles!




We've started this project to learn about Python and solve this "time problem".




Who would it benefit?



Everyone!
You don't need to have the full knowledge about business rules of our solution or about the Countries Legal rules.
You just need to execute our program and answer the questions to create a new document. It's easy and user friendly, everyone can use it!
